book/homework/homework.md, before:

# Homework {#homework}

{% hint style='tip' %}
##### Hey Slacker!

Remember, we're here to help.
Join the KCWiT #codingandcocktails Slack Channel: [kcwit.slack.com](http://kcwit.slack.com)
{% endhint %}


The more you practice, the more comfortable you’ll feel!  Take a look at the following tutorials:

1. Practice more CSS styling on Codecademy: [https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style](https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style)

1. Play a game to understand CSS Selectors better: [http://flukeout.github.io/](http://flukeout.github.io/)

1. To understand how CSS Grid works try: [http://cssgridgarden.com/](http://cssgridgarden.com/)

1. To understand how Flexbox works try: [http://flexboxfroggy.com/](http://flexboxfroggy.com/)

1. For a deeper dive into CSS Grid try: [https://cssgrid.io/](https://cssgrid.io/)

### Check out these tools designed to help web developers
1. Deploy your webpage to GitHub as a GitHub page. Reach out on Slack and mentor will be happy to walk you through it. We'll learn about Git next session so you're getting a head start!
1. Using Chrome DevTools, run [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/#devtools) audit for "Accessibility" to generate a report. 
1. View your page in [Google Resizer](https://material.io/resizer/) to visualize what it looks like in different form factors.

Commit message:

2020 updates (#15)
* Convert to VS Code

* GH Pages dist

* update styles to not be so brittle

* GH pages dist

book/homework/homework.md, after:

# Homework {#homework}

{% hint style='tip' %}
##### Hey Slacker!

Remember, we're here to help.
Join the KCWiT #codingandcocktails Slack Channel: [kcwit.slack.com](http://kcwit.slack.com)
{% endhint %}


The more you practice, the more comfortable you’ll feel!  Take a look at the following tutorials:

1. Practice more CSS styling on Codecademy: [https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style](https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style)

1. Play a game to understand CSS Selectors better: [http://flukeout.github.io/](http://flukeout.github.io/)

1. To understand how CSS Grid works try: [http://cssgridgarden.com/](http://cssgridgarden.com/)

1. To understand how Flexbox works try: [http://flexboxfroggy.com/](http://flexboxfroggy.com/)

1. For a deeper dive into CSS Grid try: [https://cssgrid.io/](https://cssgrid.io/)

### Check out these tools designed to help web developers
1. Upload your webpage to Code Sandbox so it's publicly accessible. Reach out on Slack and mentor will be happy to walk you through it. 

1. Using Chrome DevTools, run [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/#devtools) audit for "Accessibility" to generate a report. 

1. View your page in [Google Resizer](https://material.io/resizer/) to visualize what it looks like in different form factors.
