docs/ws4-text/4icon-fonts.md, before:

1. In the footer, the copyright text in the `p` needs to be a contrasting color, centered, and have a bottom margin of 15px.
   {% hint style='working' %}
<details>
<summary>
Need a little help? Expand this section for guidance. 
</summary>
Declare a style for the "footer p" selector.

Add "color: white;" to set color. You may have a different color in mind.

Add "text-align: center;" to center.

Add "margin-bottom: 15px;" to space.
</details>
   {% endhint %}

1. The social icons are icon fonts. We can style these like they are text. Set the icons using the same contrasting color as the copyright. 
   
   {% filename %}styles.css{% endfilename %}
    ```css
    footer i {
        color: white;
    }
    ```
1. Give the icons space by setting top and bottom padding to 2px and left and right padding to 10px.
1. Center the list of icons by setting the `text-align` property in the `ul` styles.
1. Save your file and reload your page.

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/3ohhwo4PzDFaz2sADu/giphy.gif)

Commit message:

2019 updates (#4)
* WIP start of changes. Add package.json

* Section 1

* Remaining changes

* clarify setup instructions

* remove sectionx plugin

* normalize styles and bring in bootstrap

* Apply changes to session 1 feedback for consistency

* Final updates

docs/ws4-text/4icon-fonts.md, after:

1. In the footer, the copyright text in the `p` needs to be a contrasting color, centered, and have a bottom margin of 15px.
   {% hint style='working' %}
<details>
<summary>
Need a little help? Expand this section for guidance. 
</summary>
Declare a style for the <code>footer p</code> selector.

Add <code>color: white;</code> to set color. You may have a different color in mind.

Add <code>text-align: center;</code> to center.

Add <code>margin-bottom: 15px;</code> to space.
</details>
   {% endhint %}

1. The social icons are icon fonts. We can style these like they are text. Set the icons using the same contrasting color as the copyright. 
   
   {% filename %}styles.css{% endfilename %}
    ```css
    footer i {
        color: white;
    }
    ```
1. Give the icons space by setting top and bottom padding to 2px and left and right padding to 10px.

1. Center the list of icons by setting the `text-align` property in the `ul` styles.

1. Save your file and view your page in Chrome. ![](../images/emojis/party-popper.png)

1. Share your success by posting a screenshot to Slack or deploy your webpage using Now. To deploy the webpage, open Now from your installed applications. 

1. Click the upload button at the toolbar at the top of the Now application. The upload button looks something like <i class="fa fa-cloud-upload" aria-hidden="true"></i>.

1. Navigate to and select your "CodingAndCocktails/session1/html" folder.

1. Your browser tab will open to the deployed app. Copy and paste the link in Slack to share your cool new app.


![](https://media.giphy.com/media/3ohhwo4PzDFaz2sADu/giphy.gif)
