docs/homework/homework.md, before:

# Homework {#homework}
The more you practice, the more comfortable you’ll feel!  Take a look at the following tutorials:

1. Practice more CSS styling on Codecademy: [https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style](https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style)

1. Play a game to understand CSS Selectors better: [http://flukeout.github.io/](http://flukeout.github.io/)

1. To understand how CSS Grid works try: [http://cssgridgarden.com/](http://cssgridgarden.com/)

1. To understand how Flexbox works try: [http://flexboxfroggy.com/](http://flexboxfroggy.com/)

1. For a deeper dive into CSS Grid try: [https://cssgrid.io/](https://cssgrid.io/)

### Check out these tools designed to help web developers
1. Try hosting your webpage as a GitHub page. This is tricky so feel free to reach out on Slack!
1. Using Chrome DevTools, run [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/#devtools) audit for "Accessibility" to generate a report. 
1. View your page in [Google Resizer](https://material.io/resizer/) to visualize what it looks like in different form factors.


{% hint style='tip' %}
##### Hey Slacker!

Remember, we're here to help.
Join the KCWiT #codingandcocktails Slack Channel: [kcwit.slack.com](http://kcwit.slack.com)
{% endhint %}

Commit message:

2019 updates (#4)
* WIP start of changes. Add package.json

* Section 1

* Remaining changes

* clarify setup instructions

* remove sectionx plugin

* normalize styles and bring in bootstrap

* Apply changes to session 1 feedback for consistency

* Final updates

docs/homework/homework.md, after:

# Homework {#homework}

{% hint style='tip' %}
##### Hey Slacker!

Remember, we're here to help.
Join the KCWiT #codingandcocktails Slack Channel: [kcwit.slack.com](http://kcwit.slack.com)
{% endhint %}


The more you practice, the more comfortable you’ll feel!  Take a look at the following tutorials:

1. Practice more CSS styling on Codecademy: [https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style](https://www.codecademy.com/courses/css-coding-with-style)

1. Play a game to understand CSS Selectors better: [http://flukeout.github.io/](http://flukeout.github.io/)

1. To understand how CSS Grid works try: [http://cssgridgarden.com/](http://cssgridgarden.com/)

1. To understand how Flexbox works try: [http://flexboxfroggy.com/](http://flexboxfroggy.com/)

1. For a deeper dive into CSS Grid try: [https://cssgrid.io/](https://cssgrid.io/)

### Check out these tools designed to help web developers
1. Open your webpage hosted in Now. (If you didn't deploy your page earlier, follow the instructions at the end of the worksheet.)
1. Using Chrome DevTools, run [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/#devtools) audit for "Accessibility" to generate a report. 
1. View your page in [Google Resizer](https://material.io/resizer/) to visualize what it looks like in different form factors.
