README.md, before:

# Coding & Cocktails Session 2: CSS

The `docs` directory contains worksheets for Coding & Cocktails session 2 published on Gitbooks: [Coding & Cocktails - Session 2: Intro to CSS](https://www.gitbook.com/book/codingandcocktailskc/session-2-css/details).

## Getting Going
Install [Gitbook](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gitbook) CLI from npm.

```bash
gitbook install
gitbook serve
```
To build without serving, `gitbook build`.

## Associated Repos
Session and homework repo - [CSSCompilerPractice](https://github.com/KansasCityWomeninTechnology/CSSCompilerPractice)

## TODO
- [ ] Ideally consolidate session work into this repo
- [ ] Incorporate feedback from curriculum retro in Google Drive


## License
![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/osprAumZLusoNUcKnPtOWMijWYLZ8ydrUS0gMTvMCoyhSVBd69InqiXqQjc7fH8iQiVbZLXvyyvPZXwKjeyHuPnrd2zJT1mYLa1WoziryvxOo0q7nvMnpfeeVPBgfqW0bnp1--wa)![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/AZZipN4uXuU6FkxA0zLbrq9EwMhky22oNI8UtjQ2-Kgzy64Jmbij_IKUwXDcqGjnHWSMg9h3ii2Dx_SLI871nVn56NyF1VnmDbkEL2m9sJ_9YYGpNC8kdiYepai1jAZLEWWt8iTW)![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/GSxH81qYzBJkBR39GbviwKcwxem0RbN8XTx_6BOHgziQ6OomnG-au25ZSdiNQ4rX2p2HanRGa8_SzTPhJ3SKW-Vrs6fJ8N9s0FLq1EVSwUZXrLZuUVONachwFWwqTr6PMpn1csnu)

This work is licensed by [http://kcwomenintech.org/](http://kcwomenintech.org/) under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Commit message:

Update TODOs for importing font

README.md, after:

# Coding & Cocktails Session 2: CSS

The `docs` directory contains worksheets for Coding & Cocktails session 2 published on Gitbooks: [Coding & Cocktails - Session 2: Intro to CSS](https://www.gitbook.com/book/codingandcocktailskc/session-2-css/details).

## Getting Going
Install [Gitbook](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gitbook) CLI from npm.

```bash
gitbook install
gitbook serve
```
To build without serving, `gitbook build`.

## Associated Repos
Session and homework repo - [CSSCompilerPractice](https://github.com/KansasCityWomeninTechnology/CSSCompilerPractice)

## TODO
- [ ] Fix the import of font to the be at the top of the _styles.css_ (before the reset styles)
- [ ] Ideally consolidate session work into this repo
- [ ] Incorporate feedback from curriculum retro in Google Drive


## License
![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/osprAumZLusoNUcKnPtOWMijWYLZ8ydrUS0gMTvMCoyhSVBd69InqiXqQjc7fH8iQiVbZLXvyyvPZXwKjeyHuPnrd2zJT1mYLa1WoziryvxOo0q7nvMnpfeeVPBgfqW0bnp1--wa)![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/AZZipN4uXuU6FkxA0zLbrq9EwMhky22oNI8UtjQ2-Kgzy64Jmbij_IKUwXDcqGjnHWSMg9h3ii2Dx_SLI871nVn56NyF1VnmDbkEL2m9sJ_9YYGpNC8kdiYepai1jAZLEWWt8iTW)![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/GSxH81qYzBJkBR39GbviwKcwxem0RbN8XTx_6BOHgziQ6OomnG-au25ZSdiNQ4rX2p2HanRGa8_SzTPhJ3SKW-Vrs6fJ8N9s0FLq1EVSwUZXrLZuUVONachwFWwqTr6PMpn1csnu)

This work is licensed by [http://kcwomenintech.org/](http://kcwomenintech.org/) under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
