book/setup/README.md, before:

# Setup {#top}
Tonight we will learn the basics of applying styles to a website using **C**ascading **S**tyle **S**heets (**CSS**). 

<!-- trick markdown to give me a little space between these two sections of text -->
## 
{% hint style='danger' %}
If you are borrowing a laptop, please ask your mentor to explain the tools.
{% endhint %}

<!-- trick markdown to give me a little space between these two sections of text -->
## 
Follow the instructions on this page to prepare your workspace.


## Required tools for this session

You don't need all the tools for tonight's session. If you haven't installed all the tools listed in [The Tools](https://bit.ly/CnCTheTools) guide already, use the following list to install the required tools for the worksheet:
1. [Chrome browser](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-browser/)

1. [Atom IDE](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-atom/)

1. [Install atom-live-server package](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-atom/#required-packages)

1. [Coding & Cocktails folder](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tips-directory-structure/)

1. [Now](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-now/)

## Create a folder for tonight's work

Create a folder named "session2" in your "CodingAndCocktails" folder by following the steps below

1. Open a file explorer and navigate to your home directory.
   {% hint style="tip" %}
Your home directory is typically `/users/<your user name>` on a Mac or `C:/Users/<your user name>` on a Windows machine.

**Windows users**- You can navigate to your home directory by typing `%USERPROFILE%` in the file location bar and pressing `Enter`. 
   {% endhint %}

1. Find and navigate into the "CodingAndCocktails" folder you created as part of your tools setup.

1. Create a folder named "session2".

## Helpful tips as you work through the worksheet
{% hint style='tip' %}
View the worksheet and your IDE in split screen. 

For Windows users, use `windows key` + `left arrow` or `windows` + `right arrow` to resize the application and position to the left or right half of your screen.

For Mac users, hold down the full-screen button in the upper-left corner of a window to shrink and position to the left or right side of the screen. Release the button, then click another window to begin using both windows side by side.

Mentors are happy to help!
{% endhint %}

{% hint style='working' %}
Did you know you can collapse the table of contents for worksheets?

Click on the hamburger menu (<i class="fa fa-bars" aria-hidden="true"></i>) at the top of the page to toggle the table of contents.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style='working' %}
Did you know you can customize font size and color of the worksheets to make it easier for you to see?

Click on the font menu (<i class="fa fa-font" aria-hidden="true"></i>) at the top of the page to open a menu where you can make your font larger or smaller or change background color.
{% endhint %}

Commit message:

add slack instructions to setup

book/setup/README.md, after:

# Setup {#top}
Tonight we will learn the basics of applying styles to a website using **C**ascading **S**tyle **S**heets (**CSS**). 

<!-- trick markdown to give me a little space between these two sections of text -->
## 
{% hint style='danger' %}
If you are borrowing a laptop, please ask your mentor to explain the tools.
{% endhint %}

<!-- trick markdown to give me a little space between these two sections of text -->
## 
Follow the instructions on this page to prepare your workspace.

{% hint style='tip' %}
Open [Slack](http://kcwit.slack.com/) to the **#codingandcocktails** channel. It's a great way to stay in touch with your Coding & Cocktails girlfriends and to ask questions during and after the session. We'll also post updates and tips in Slack if we run in to any stumbling blocks tonight.
{% endhint %}


## Required tools for this session

You don't need all the tools for tonight's session. If you haven't installed all the tools listed in [The Tools](https://bit.ly/CnCTheTools) guide already, use the following list to install the required tools for the worksheet:
1. [Chrome browser](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-browser/)

1. [Atom IDE](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-atom/)

1. [Install atom-live-server package](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-atom/#required-packages)

1. [Coding & Cocktails folder](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tips-directory-structure/)

1. [Now](https://codingandcocktailskc.gitbooks.io/coding-cocktails-the-tools/content/tools-now/)

## Create a folder for tonight's work

Create a folder named "session2" in your "CodingAndCocktails" folder by following the steps below

1. Open a file explorer and navigate to your home directory.
   {% hint style="tip" %}
Your home directory is typically `/users/<your user name>` on a Mac or `C:/Users/<your user name>` on a Windows machine.

**Windows users**- You can navigate to your home directory by typing `%USERPROFILE%` in the file location bar and pressing `Enter`. 
   {% endhint %}

1. Find and navigate into the "CodingAndCocktails" folder you created as part of your tools setup.

1. Create a folder named "session2".

## Helpful tips as you work through the worksheet
{% hint style='tip' %}
View the worksheet and your IDE in split screen. 

For Windows users, use `windows key` + `left arrow` or `windows` + `right arrow` to resize the application and position to the left or right half of your screen.

For Mac users, hold down the full-screen button in the upper-left corner of a window to shrink and position to the left or right side of the screen. Release the button, then click another window to begin using both windows side by side.

Mentors are happy to help!
{% endhint %}

{% hint style='working' %}
Did you know you can collapse the table of contents for worksheets?

Click on the hamburger menu (<i class="fa fa-bars" aria-hidden="true"></i>) at the top of the page to toggle the table of contents.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style='working' %}
Did you know you can customize font size and color of the worksheets to make it easier for you to see?

Click on the font menu (<i class="fa fa-font" aria-hidden="true"></i>) at the top of the page to open a menu where you can make your font larger or smaller or change background color.
{% endhint %}
